docs: mention HTTP/2 in API/UI performance guide (#62038)
mistercrunch/Airflow: airflow-core/docs/howto/performance.rst

- Review query plans (e.g. via ``EXPLAIN``) to choose effective column sets and ordering for your workload.
- Composite indexes should list columns in selectivity order appropriate to your most common predicates.
- Indexes incur write overhead; add only those that materially improve your read paths.

Enable HTTP/2 at the reverse proxy
-----------------------------------

Browsers limit concurrent HTTP/1.1 connections to six per origin. Views such as the
Grid page can issue many API requests at once, causing some of them to queue and stall
until a connection slot becomes available.

Enabling **HTTP/2** at the reverse-proxy layer (e.g. Nginx) removes this limitation
because HTTP/2 multiplexes many requests over a single TCP connection.

Benefits
^^^^^^^^

- Eliminates the six-connection bottleneck for busy UI views.
- Reduces latency through header compression and stream multiplexing.
- No changes to Airflow itself are required — configuration is done entirely at the
  proxy level.

How to enable
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> HTTP/2 is configured on the reverse proxy that sits in front of the Airflow webserver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HTTP/2 is configured on the reverse proxy that sits in front of the Airflow API server.
```
